h1. Games, a WebContext framework research project

This project is a small framework design test to improve some of the modules to be implemented into WebContext, the other project I am leading, a full featured and industrial PHP framework.

h2. News

To be able to follow work in progress , here are the list of the last features we are working on, in a day-by-day format.

h3. 2010/09/09

*HtmlForm to Entity*

HtmlForm component send data through HTTP post operation. With the new @loadFromPost()@ method in the "Entity":./tree/master/modules/entity.class.php, data save is enable.
Any PageManager must implement a @save()@ method to store data sent from the Form.
* "HtmlForm":./tree/master/modules/forms/htmlform.class.php bugfix about name and action attributes,
* "Entity":./tree/master/modules/entity.class.php modified to support "POST" data update to entity attributes. "Image":./tree/master/modules/image.class.php attribute type is not supported right now.  will be fixed soon. As it's a prototype, transmitted data are not already sanitized about XSS or any SQLInjection. Data sanitizer will be soon implemented as a Singleton oriented "service".

h3. 2010/09/07

*HtmlForm*

To implement new Html components, "HtmlComponent":./tree/master/modules/forms/htmlcomponent.class.php has been updated: now, @enctype@ attribute manage multipart form to enable File upload.

* "HtmlFile":./tree/master/modules/forms/htmlfile.class.php support File html input and automaticaly add enctype to form.
* "HtmlSelect":./tree/master/modules/forms/htmlselect.class.php manage  new selectOptions parameter for the HtmlComponent.

*Role Management*

A new internal entity appear to support User "Role":./tree/master/modules/entity/role.class.php.

h3. 2010/09/05

*Forms & Users*

* "HtmlForm":./tree/master/modules/forms/htmlform.class.php and "HtmlComponent":./tree/master/modules/forms/htmlcomponent.class.php 's to provide easyway to create Form on Entity, following an automatic generation way, based on Entity Attribute description.

* "Entity":./tree/master/modules/entity.class.php just modified to manage in a better way attributes and their types. 
* Internal Entity for User management.
* "User":./tree/master/modules/entities/user.class.php, "Role":./tree/master/modules/entities/role.class.php , and "UserManager":./tree/master/modules/managers/usermanager.class.php is currently implemented, relying on HtmlForm work.

h2. Here are experimented:

* Autoload functionality (no more "require" or include !) >> __done.__
* Debug and trace log (see debug.class.php)  >> __done__
* Configuration purpose  >> __done__
* Data Persistance in files (text format as temporary source, xml soon, and Database in near futur) with Entity management,
* MVC concept with PageManager and Router  >> __done__
* Helpers concept  >> __done__
* Javascript integration with JQuery and some plugins,
* Themes at (Page and Application Level) with templating  >> __done__
* Internationalization (i18n)  >> __done__
* Standard CMS Image management 
** Image resizing with standard GD library  >> __done__
** Multi level thumbnailer  >> __done__
** Images storing following some entity defined rules  >> __done.__
* ...

And the list is growing every week !

A lot of features are experimental for now, and not stabilized. So if you want user these, it's at yourown risks ;) 
But if you want to contribute with your own knowledge to these, please feel free to contact "me":mailto:frederic.delorme@gmail.com.

Have fun !